detective barkley looked at the files
before him and frowned
he was investigating a series of bank
robberies around the city
it never seen anything so brutal yet so
masterfully done the vault doors were
just torn apart
and the only clue to what happened was
the melted
edges of the tears as if someone had
used a blow torch
but it must have been hot as the sun the
detective yawned and got up from the
desk when the phone rang
detective another robbery downtown the
central bank this time
come urgently barkley sighed and donned
his raincoat
this was going to be a long night
[Music]
when he arrived a police squad was
already there
but one thing caught his attention there
were witnesses
unlike in previous cases two people were
sitting at the back of the ambulance
cowering under blankets barkley asked
the cops to keep them there until he
returns
and went inside the picture was the same
as usual
thick metal doors blown down vault empty
no other traces barkley went to question
the witnesses
from their words he gathered they stayed
late to finish up some business
when suddenly the bank door flew open
and three people wearing black face
masks came inside
they seemed surprised to see someone in
the bank
but one of them pulled up the bottom of
their mask and
spat into the employees faces the stuff
smelled awful and was
obviously toxic but before they lost
consciousness
they heard the robbers come into the
vault saw a bright flash
and went nearly deaf from the boom that
followed
then they both fainted and when they
came to
there were only the police and the
ambulance around
barkley wrote everything in his notebook
and rushed back to the bank
eyes hard on the floor yes
a few drops of transparent viscous
substance was left on the floor
just as he suspected he asked the
specialist to gather it
and send to the lab for analysis
so there were three robbers and at least
one of them had
insect powers these mutations appeared
worldwide more than a hundred years ago
as a result of a cataclysm millions of
tons of toxic were spread in the air and
water
but nobody felt any difference until a
new generation was born
almost 70 of babies received insect
genes
and acquired superhuman abilities and of
course
not everyone put them to noble uses
there was a knock on the detective's
office door and his partner
detective woods came in she was a former
canine unit trainer
as she had the abilities of a tiger moth
pulsing
ultrasound signals that only animals and
insects could hear
woods approached barkley's desk in three
long strides
and put a folder on it with a smug grin
on her face
take a look she urged as barkley looked
through the folder
his eyes went wide but this means
we got him on a dish he finally
exclaimed
exactly which replied let's go
get him they drove without flashing
lights
not to attract attention to the address
where jeremy blith
was supposed to live a guy they'd taken
in two years previously
the lab results showed his dna in the
sample from the bank
they quietly got out of the car and went
inside the rundown
five-story building detectives tiptoed
to the apartment
conscious of the squeaking floorboards
stopped before the door
and exchanged looks
as barkley got ready to kick in the door
it suddenly flew into pieces
and a huge figure rushed at them
stamping them both against the opposite
wall
dazed barkley only noticed two other
silhouettes running away down the
corridor
and then the giant let them go and
started away too
he was seemingly wearing heavy black and
white armor
barkley requested backup but when the
squad arrived it was already too late
the culprits were gone in the apartment
they found more of the viscous fluid and
a
shell an empty black and white carapace
looking as if it were fit for a human
he's malted
wood said yep barkley replied
and this gives us another lead
the lab exam showed the carapace
belonged to another old pal of the
police
anthony steele he had the armor of an
ironclad beetle
the toughest material in the world only
a diamond circular saw would cut it
barkley sent an officer with dragonfly
wings and vision
to look out for steel in his
neighborhood and invited woods to his
office
look i've drawn a map of their
activities see the pattern
nope what if i finish it like this
barkley looked at woods for reaction
it's a
spiral almost it's a shrimp
i think i know who the third guy is and
why
he's the boss detectives were lying in
weight near the bank
that was the robber's next target
according to the map
they'd spent three days surveying the
vicinity
and getting ready for the assault
finally on the fifth day
four hours after the bank had closed for
the day
they saw three figures approaching the
building
one of them was huge and it shouldered
the bank doors without even stopping
barclay signaled the officers in ambush
to be ready
and went to the bank with woods there
was no one inside
just as they agreed with the manager
detectives followed the robbers almost
to the vault
stopping behind the corner woods took
out a pocket mirror
so they could see what was going on the
huge man
and another one took two steps back
while the third
came close to the vault doors and took
off one of his gloves
there was a big and scary crab craw
underneath
with its smaller part lifted like a
trigger
the man directed his mutated arm at the
door
the claws snapped there was a blinding
flash
and an ear splitting boom made both
detectives clap their hands to the ears
when they could see and hear again they
saw the vault door was torn again
and still smoldering the robbers came
inside
and a shot rang from within freeze
a special group was set in the vault
every night they all had
bombardier beetle powers as the
criminals turned to run
four streams of reddish liquid flew onto
their backs
a huge man steel came last and took
all the impact on himself he was thrown
face first on the floor his accomplices
ran to the corner
and straight into the detectives blyth
tore
off his face mask and spat aiming at
wood's face
but missed and fell on the floor barkley
saw woods was standing with her mouth
wide open
she was shouting blyth down with
ultrasound the leader of the gang
squeezed past them and went on running
barclay rushed after him as the criminal
ran out the entrance doors
he was surrounded by armed officers
demanding him to raise his hands
barkley saw him stop and do as he was
told but when he realized why
it was already too late he leaped behind
some desk and covered his ears
hard the claws snapped again sending a
pulse of light and a thunderous crack
all over the place
the officer screamed and fell on the
ground the gang leader made for the gap
in their lines
his claws slowly getting into the arm
position on the go
barkley gave chase and requested backup
from the station
they ran for almost half a mile
zigzagging through the neighborhood
and climbing over obstacles the criminal
surprisingly agile
despite his clumsy claw but at one turn
he suddenly stopped and was lifted off
the ground
falling on his back he was the dragonfly
officer barkley sent
out earlier he hooked the robber from
above and threw him down
barkley only managed to shout take cover
when he saw
as if in slow motion the wicked claw
raised again
and closed with a snap the burst made
him blind and
deaf for a second and barkley stumbled
but he stayed
on his feet and body slammed the culprit
who was about to get away again
the dragonfly officer was lying nearby
stunned but
safe barkley got the criminal from
behind
took him by the wrists and let him loose
after a second
the robber tried to run but fell
face-first
unable to unstick his hands from one
another
they were covered in thick silvery wire
pistol shrimp a barkley asked
panting but grinning well i'm a bark
spider
and you better not mess with the likes
of me come on
i'll get you to the station
[Music]
[Applause]
you